I'll see your bet and call running low
on chips to pay a silver coin Oh
lucky thing for me I had three sixes
sorry
what's it get broke your losing streak
nice pot I don't see what's so great
about it hey where's the fire son I'm a
gambler you're a gunfighter thank of the
matter is if I to tried to face you down
I mean what chance would I had absolute
zero none whatever
who's that fast wants it again Mel
Gibson damn thing won't stay in a
holster whoop Jodie Foster a silly
looking creatures called maverick and my
name is Annabelle Bransford I'll be
taking the stage solo
so am i James Garner and relax and enjoy
the journey now
maverick I gotta control yeah well I
remember my first runaway stage
i richard donner film don't you think
you should go back there and help you
well I could do that absolutely but
daddy's worked so hard he might resent
it with a little money
maverick will be here
Neela's choice okay I stand by no I
think I prefer JA you gotta learn to
loosen up kid have some fun listen poker